# generated by rye
# use `rye lock` or `rye sync` to update this lockfile
#
# last locked with the following flags:
#   pre: false
#   features: []
#   all-features: false
#   with-sources: false
#   generate-hashes: false
#   universal: false
--extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu121

absl-py==2.1.0
    # via keras
    # via tensorboard
    # via tensorflow-intel
accelerate==0.32.1
    # via aitoolkits-webui
addict==2.4.0
    # via modelscope
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via dashscope
    # via datasets
    # via fsspec
    # via langchain
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aliyun-python-sdk-core==2.15.1
    # via aliyun-python-sdk-kms
    # via oss2
aliyun-python-sdk-kms==2.16.3
    # via oss2
altair==5.3.0
    # via gradio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via httpx
    # via openai
    # via starlette
    # via watchfiles
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
    # via langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
    # via jsonschema
    # via modelscope
    # via referencing
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via httpcore
    # via httpx
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via typer
    # via uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via click
    # via tqdm
    # via uvicorn
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
crcmod==1.7
    # via oss2
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via aliyun-python-sdk-core
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dashscope==1.20.1
    # via aitoolkits-webui
datasets==2.18.0
    # via modelscope
diffusers==0.29.2
    # via aitoolkits-webui
dill==0.3.8
    # via datasets
    # via multiprocess
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
einops==0.8.0
    # via modelscope
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via gradio
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
ffmpy==0.3.2
    # via gradio
filelock==3.15.4
    # via datasets
    # via diffusers
    # via huggingface-hub
    # via torch
    # via transformers
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow-intel
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via aiohttp
    # via aiosignal
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via datasets
    # via gradio-client
    # via huggingface-hub
    # via torch
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
gradio==4.38.1
    # via aitoolkits-webui
gradio-client==1.1.0
    # via gradio
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.65.1
    # via tensorboard
    # via tensorflow-intel
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
    # via uvicorn
h5py==3.11.0
    # via keras
    # via tensorflow-intel
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
    # via gradio
    # via gradio-client
    # via openai
huggingface-hub==0.23.4
    # via accelerate
    # via datasets
    # via diffusers
    # via gradio
    # via gradio-client
    # via tokenizers
    # via transformers
idna==3.7
    # via anyio
    # via email-validator
    # via httpx
    # via requests
    # via yarl
importlib-metadata==8.0.0
    # via diffusers
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via gradio
intel-openmp==2021.4.0
    # via mkl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via altair
    # via fastapi
    # via gradio
    # via torch
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via aliyun-python-sdk-core
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
keras==3.4.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
kornia==0.7.3
    # via aitoolkits-webui
kornia-rs==0.1.5
    # via kornia
langchain==0.2.7
    # via aitoolkits-webui
langchain-core==0.2.18
    # via langchain
    # via langchain-openai
    # via langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.1.16
    # via aitoolkits-webui
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.85
    # via langchain
    # via langchain-core
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
markdown==3.6
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via gradio
    # via jinja2
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.1
    # via gradio
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mkl==2021.4.0
    # via torch
ml-dtypes==0.4.0
    # via keras
    # via tensorflow-intel
modelscope==1.16.1
    # via aitoolkits-webui
    # via modelscope
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via aiohttp
    # via yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via accelerate
    # via altair
    # via contourpy
    # via datasets
    # via diffusers
    # via gradio
    # via h5py
    # via keras
    # via langchain
    # via matplotlib
    # via ml-dtypes
    # via opencv-python
    # via opt-einsum
    # via pandas
    # via pyarrow
    # via scipy
    # via tensorboard
    # via tensorflow-intel
    # via torchvision
    # via transformers
    # via xformers
openai==1.35.13
    # via langchain-openai
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via aitoolkits-webui
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
optree==0.12.1
    # via keras
orjson==3.10.6
    # via fastapi
    # via gradio
    # via langsmith
oss2==2.18.6
    # via aitoolkits-webui
    # via modelscope
packaging==24.1
    # via accelerate
    # via altair
    # via datasets
    # via gradio
    # via gradio-client
    # via huggingface-hub
    # via keras
    # via kornia
    # via langchain-core
    # via matplotlib
    # via tensorflow-intel
    # via transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via altair
    # via datasets
    # via gradio
pillow==10.4.0
    # via diffusers
    # via gradio
    # via matplotlib
    # via torchvision
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via tensorboard
    # via tensorflow-intel
psutil==6.0.0
    # via accelerate
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via datasets
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.20.0
    # via oss2
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via aitoolkits-webui
    # via fastapi
    # via gradio
    # via langchain
    # via langchain-core
    # via langsmith
    # via openai
    # via pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.3.4
    # via aitoolkits-webui
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via matplotlib
    # via modelscope
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
    # via uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
    # via gradio
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via accelerate
    # via datasets
    # via gradio
    # via huggingface-hub
    # via langchain
    # via langchain-core
    # via transformers
    # via uvicorn
referencing==0.35.1
    # via jsonschema
    # via jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.5.15
    # via diffusers
    # via tiktoken
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via dashscope
    # via datasets
    # via diffusers
    # via huggingface-hub
    # via langchain
    # via langsmith
    # via modelscope
    # via oss2
    # via tensorflow-intel
    # via tiktoken
    # via transformers
rich==13.7.1
    # via keras
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.19.0
    # via jsonschema
    # via referencing
ruff==0.5.1
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via accelerate
    # via diffusers
    # via transformers
scipy==1.14.0
    # via modelscope
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via modelscope
six==1.16.0
    # via astunparse
    # via google-pasta
    # via oss2
    # via python-dateutil
    # via tensorboard
    # via tensorflow-intel
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
    # via httpx
    # via openai
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via modelscope
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via langchain
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.0
    # via torch
tbb==2021.13.0
    # via mkl
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via langchain
    # via langchain-core
tensorboard==2.17.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.17.0
    # via aitoolkits-webui
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via transformers
tomlkit==0.12.0
    # via gradio
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
torch==2.3.1+cu121
    # via accelerate
    # via aitoolkits-webui
    # via kornia
    # via torchaudio
    # via torchvision
    # via xformers
torchaudio==2.3.1+cu121
    # via aitoolkits-webui
torchvision==0.18.1+cu121
    # via aitoolkits-webui
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via datasets
    # via huggingface-hub
    # via modelscope
    # via openai
    # via transformers
transformers==4.42.4
    # via aitoolkits-webui
typer==0.12.3
    # via fastapi-cli
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via altair
    # via anyio
    # via fastapi
    # via gradio
    # via gradio-client
    # via huggingface-hub
    # via openai
    # via optree
    # via pydantic
    # via pydantic-core
    # via sqlalchemy
    # via tensorflow-intel
    # via torch
    # via typer
    # via uvicorn
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via gradio
    # via modelscope
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.30.1
    # via fastapi
    # via gradio
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via dashscope
websockets==11.0.3
    # via gradio-client
    # via uvicorn
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.43.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
xformers==0.0.27
    # via aitoolkits-webui
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via datasets
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata
setuptools==69.5.1
    # via aitoolkits-webui
    # via modelscope
    # via tensorboard
    # via tensorflow-intel
